True love will love blood and have long things to do in life.
If the adult brother wants to do it.
What's the matter? The father hid the country for a while
Huang Zinian couldn't control the eating array
Se Liuyang Jian Acting for Chao Zhen
Now, is Huang Jian's position open to pass? Big island.
Definitely unfair.
Definitely unfair. Definitely unfair. Definitely unfair.
Is this forcing Chang Ji to abdicate?
This is the legacy of respecting the rejuvenation of the Yellow River
Do you also think it’s time to abdicate?
Li Jiasun’s legacy
Abdicate and step forward
My woman must not be an official of this dynasty
Who let me enter the big power
My first lap didn't matter in the mountains
Heart Sun represents Li Jia
Represents the Bo construction site risk
You need five people to lead the armor
My first family only hopes for myself
Can return to the government
What today represents is the art of famous artists
I say His Majesty abdicates the throne
Who agrees and who repeats
Your Majesty, Your Majesty, abdicates the throne before I praise you.
Let me reply to the right answer
His Majesty abdicated the throne and came forward.
let yourself go to me
Positive reply
His Majesty abdicated the throne and came forward.
let yourself go to me
Positive reply